locales update upgrade guide (#19)
avo-hq/avodocs: docs/2.0/upgrade.md

So there isn't a guide to follow per-se for this upgrade, but you just have to check your association policy methods are applied correctly.

> We also found some incoherences around I18n localization on empty tables messages. Fixing that for multilingual would add some unnecessary complexity so we decided to keep it simple changing that messages to a generic message that apply to all tables. This apply for every locale file, make sure you update yours.
> 
> ```ruby
> # Before
> no_item_found: No %{item} found // [!code focus]
> no_related_item_found: No related %{item} found // [!code focus]
> 
> # After
> no_item_found: No record found // [!code focus]
> no_related_item_found: No related record found // [!code focus]
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updated a few translation strings

We found some incoherences around I18n localization on empty tables messages. More info on that in [this discussion](https://github.com/avo-hq/avo/issues/1487).
So we decided to keep it simple, changing those messages to a generic message that applies to all tables. This applies to every locale file. 

```ruby
# Before
no_item_found: No %{item} found // [!code focus]
no_related_item_found: No related %{item} found // [!code focus]

# After
no_item_found: No record found // [!code focus]
no_related_item_found: No related record found // [!code focus]
```

### Resolve

Run this command `bin/rails generate avo:locales` to regenerate those locale files.

```
